Subject: Lamprini Leosakou, DDS 2025176-4704-1 crw Record Assignment letter SM 
Status: 2
Priority: 1
Requester ID: 18013929474
Created At: 2025-08-01T16:14:29Z
Updated At: 2025-08-01T19:34:41Z

--- Description ---

Dear Provider: Thank you for submitting your request to the Provider Credentialing &amp; Data Management (PCDM) Department of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Louisiana. We have received your request. The attached letter is our acknowledgement



ZjQcmQRYFpfptBannerStart




  
    
      
	This Message Is From an External Sender. If suspicious, click the button to report to IT
      
      

      

    
    

    
	Report Suspicious
    

    
     
  


ZjQcmQRYFpfptBannerEnd
















 
 
 

 
Dear Provider:
 
Thank you for submitting your request to the Provider Credentialing &amp; Data Management (PCDM) Department of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Louisiana.
 
We have received your request. The attached letter is our acknowledgement and explains the next steps in the process.

 
More Resources Online

For more credentialing and data management resources, visit
www.BCBSLA.com/providers, click on “Provider Networks,” then “Join Our Networks,” then
 choose either “Professional Providers” or “Facilities and Hospitals” to find:


Initial Credentialing packet

Credentialing criteria

Provider Update Request Form

Frequently Asked Questions

 
Contact Us

If you have any questions about this letter, please email
PCDMStatus@bcbsla.com or call PCDM at 1-800-716-2299, option 2.

 
Provider Credentialing &amp; Data Management
Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Louisiana
 

Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Louisiana is an independent licensee of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association and incorporated as
 Louisiana Health Service &amp; Indemnity Company.

 
 
 
 

This e-mail may contain confidential information which is intended only for the use of person(s) named above. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby advised that any disclosure, copying, distribution or the taking of any action in reliance on
 the contents of this information is prohibited. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender and delete this e-mail from your computer. Thank you. Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Louisiana and its subsidiaries comply with applicable
 federal civil rights laws and do not exclude people or treat them differently on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability or sex in its health programs and activities. You may access the Nondiscrimination and Accessibility Notice
here . Information on Language Assistance is available
here. 
Aquí encontrará información sobre asistencia lingüística. Des informations sur l'aide linguistique sont disponibles
ici .





## Conversations
