Subject: Zelis Cred-Info Required-1st Attempt
Status: 2
Priority: 1
Requester ID: 18013132241
Created At: 2025-08-01T14:37:51Z
Updated At: 2025-08-01T19:15:38Z

--- Description ---

Hello, I am in the process of credentialing the following provider and need the requested information: Benjamin, Julie A DDS Revise disclosure questions to reflect the NPDB- 1 report(s). Please answer questions 2 &amp; 13-Yes Detailed narrative



ZjQcmQRYFpfptBannerStart




  
    
      
	This Message Is From an External Sender. If suspicious, click the button to report to IT
      
      

      

    
    

    
	Report Suspicious
    

    
     
  


ZjQcmQRYFpfptBannerEnd

















Hello,


 I am in the process of credentialing the following provider and need the requested information:

 Benjamin, Julie A DDS


Revise disclosure questions to reflect the NPDB- 1 report(s). 
Please answer questions 2 &amp; 13-Yes




Detailed narrative concerning malpractice claims and/or sanction



Sanction Date: 2021 CO Licensing Board



 

Our Credentialing Committee requests a detailed narrative from the provider, surrounding the malpractice claims and/or licensure sanctions. This gives providers the opportunity to provide any details
 about the incident in their own words. Although, some applications can reflect time frames to within the last 10 years, the Committee may request any additional information to assist with making a determination. We always try to obtain this information prior
 to sending for a review, to prevent any delays or further requests.   
 Please submit the requested information in a timely manner, or it will delay the network process.
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me.
 Thank you,
 


Confidentiality Notice
This email and the attachments may contain information which is privileged and/or confidential and is intended for the business and/or confidential use of the recipient only. Such information may be protected by applicable State and/or Federal laws from
 disclosure or unauthorized use. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any disclosure is strictly prohibited. If you have received this email in error, please contact the sender immediately.






## Conversations
