Subject: Welcome to our Network – THIS IS NOT A MONITORED MAILBOX – Please do not reply
Status: 2
Priority: 1
Requester ID: 18013198844
Created At: 2025-08-01T13:16:30Z
Updated At: 2025-08-01T19:07:39Z

--- Description ---

August 1, 2025 Dear Dr. Bishbish, 28080 Clinton Keith Rd Ste 100 Murrietta CA 92563 Congratulations and thank you for becoming a member of Guardian’s Managed Dental Care Network, a leader in the dental industry! Your effective date is 8/1/2025. 



ZjQcmQRYFpfptBannerStart




  
    
      
	This Message Is From an External Sender. If suspicious, click the button to report to IT
      
      

      

    
    

    
	Report Suspicious
    

    
     
  


ZjQcmQRYFpfptBannerEnd

















August
 1, 2025

 
                                                                                                                                               














 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Dear Dr.  
Bishbish,
 

28080 Clinton Keith Rd Ste 100 Murrietta CA 92563


 

Congratulations and thank you for becoming a member of Guardian’s Managed Dental Care Network, a leader in the dental industry!  Your effective date is
8/1/2025.  On behalf of Guardian and its subsidiaries we extend a warm welcome to you and your dental office staff and have prepared a
Welcome Kit that you can utilize to hit the ground running.  This Welcome Kit contains a number
 of different resources including “getting started” links, materials you can use to promote that you are now accepting Guardian, and answers to our most frequently asked questions.

 
As a valued partner, you have agreed to participate in the recredentialing program and continue to adhere to the same criteria and professional
 standards you are currently demonstrating.  Recredentialing will occur every 36 months and you will hear from us in approximately 30 months to begin the recredentialing cycle.
 

Your name and office information will be added to our Managed Dental Care Network directory at
www.GuardianLife.com. 
 Members are encouraged to visit participating dentists to reduce their out-of-pocket expenses. Except in limited circumstances, dental HMO benefits are not payable when members seek treatment from an out of network provider. 


 



 
We look forward to enjoying a lasting relationship with you and your dental office.  Guardian values the commitment you have
 made in joining the Managed Dental Care Network; together, we can improve the oral health of members within your community! 


 
 
Sincerely,
Guardian Dental Network Services
 
 
 
 
 



 

----------------------------------------- This message, and any attachments to it, may contain information that is privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are notified that any use, dissemination, distribution, copying, or communication of this message is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately by return e-mail and delete the message and any attachments. Thank you.







## Conversations
