Subject: Guardian DHMO Recredentialing Application -  Urgent Request - Sapandeep Kaur, DDS 1376263715
Status: 2
Priority: 1
Requester ID: 18012946432
Created At: 2025-08-01T13:11:52Z
Updated At: 2025-08-01T19:05:17Z

--- Description ---

Dear Sapandeep Kaur, DDS: Re: Recredentialing As a contracted provider, you have agreed to participate in the re-credentialing program and adhere to the same criteria and professional standards that you demonstrated at the time you were initially



ZjQcmQRYFpfptBannerStart




  
    
      
	This Message Is From an External Sender. If suspicious, click the button to report to IT
      
      

      

    
    

    
	Report Suspicious
    

    
     
  


ZjQcmQRYFpfptBannerEnd

















Dear Sapandeep Kaur, DDS:

 
 
Re: Recredentialing
 
 
As a contracted provider, you have agreed to participate in the re-credentialing program and adhere to the same criteria and professional standards that you demonstrated at the time you were
 initially credentialed.
 

To start the recredentialing process, please visit
https://guardianlife.com/ProviderRecredentialing
to access the fillable online re-credentialing forms. 

 
 
We need the following information to complete the recredentialing process:


Application
Copy of Current Professional Malpractice Liability Declarations Page (Certificate of Insurance)


 
 
Once complete, please email the documents to
re-credentialing1@glic.com or fax to 509-464-8027. 

 
Alternately, if you utilize CAQH, please provide us with your CAQH Provider ID and we will begin processing your recredentialing.  Please review your CAQH account to ensure everything is accurate
 and current.
 
If the provider is no longer associated with this practice, please reply to this email and we will update our records accordingly.
 
 
Locations:
 
Livermore Smiles Dentistry &amp; Orthodontic
4375 1st Street
Livermore, CA 94551

 
 
 
The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America (Guardian) Centralized Credentialing Department performs credentialing and recredentialing on behalf of Guardian and its affiliated entities.
 
Sincerely,
Guardian Centralized Credentialing Department
 

Guardian Life Insurance Company of America
 
guardianlife.com
 





 

 



 

----------------------------------------- This message, and any attachments to it, may contain information that is privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are notified that any use, dissemination, distribution, copying, or communication of this message is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately by return e-mail and delete the message and any attachments. Thank you.







## Conversations
