Subject: Availity Access Codes
Status: 4
Priority: 2
Requester ID: 18014586901
Created At: 2025-07-31T22:21:28Z
Updated At: 2025-08-01T11:36:59Z

--- Description ---


--- Conversation ---

Hi marisol.cortez,Please find your ticket URL: https://support.pacden.com/helpdesk/tickets/1989149.




All carrier website logins are setup under weblogins@pacden.com. We use this email so that the field, ROC, and our offshore teams can all access the data needed to assist our providers. Once added, this secondary Web Logins account will populate under your primary account in Outlook. The Web Logins account populates with its own Inbox. You will not be bombarded with MFA emails in your primary Outlook account Inbox. We also use RingCentral phone number 831-610-4955 which sends a RingCentral email message to weblogins@pacden.com when the payer requires a phone number for MFA codes instead of an email. You will want to look out for an email coming from sender RingCentral. We cannot change the email address or phone number, or we will be blocking everyone else from being able to access the websites. I have attached step by step instructions on how you can add yourself to the weblogins@pacden.com shared Inbox. (Web Logins Shared Mailbox Access) If you have trouble adding yourself, please reach out to IT for assistance because the Web Access team does not have the permissions needed to grant access. Please be aware that most password reset emails and account registration emails are re-routed to an Admin Only Inbox that only my team can access. If you need assistance with any logins, please open a help ticket under Category: ROC – CyberArk Web Logins &amp; Group: ROC – Web Logins. This would be for any logins that you need created or any password resets for your existing logins. Please do not create logins or reset passwords by yourself. Hope this helps!


See attached to add yourself to web logins email


## Conversations

---


Hi marisol.cortez,Please find your ticket URL: https://support.pacden.com/helpdesk/tickets/1989149.




All carrier website logins are setup under weblogins@pacden.com. We use this email so that the field, ROC, and our offshore teams can all access the data needed to assist our providers. Once added, this secondary Web Logins account will populate under your primary account in Outlook. The Web Logins account populates with its own Inbox. You will not be bombarded with MFA emails in your primary Outlook account Inbox. We also use RingCentral phone number 831-610-4955 which sends a RingCentral email message to weblogins@pacden.com when the payer requires a phone number for MFA codes instead of an email. You will want to look out for an email coming from sender RingCentral. We cannot change the email address or phone number, or we will be blocking everyone else from being able to access the websites. I have attached step by step instructions on how you can add yourself to the weblogins@pacden.com shared Inbox. (Web Logins Shared Mailbox Access) If you have trouble adding yourself, please reach out to IT for assistance because the Web Access team does not have the permissions needed to grant access. Please be aware that most password reset emails and account registration emails are re-routed to an Admin Only Inbox that only my team can access. If you need assistance with any logins, please open a help ticket under Category: ROC – CyberArk Web Logins &amp; Group: ROC – Web Logins. This would be for any logins that you need created or any password resets for your existing logins. Please do not create logins or reset passwords by yourself. Hope this helps!


See attached to add yourself to web logins email

